Update OpenXR Settings page (#10819)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/xr/openxr_settings.rst

See the chapter on :ref:`hand tracking <doc_openxr_hand_tracking>` for additional details.

Hand Tracking Unobstructed Data Source
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Enabling this means hand tracking uses the exact position of fingers, usually
> what a headset camera sees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling this means hand tracking may use the exact position of fingers, usually
what a headset camera sees.
```

Hand Tracking Controller Data Source
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Enabling this means hand tracking will use the controller itself, and infer where

Reviewer: This is about what data source the application wants the OpenXR runtime to use, but it might not be supported on the current runtime or hardware, so I feel like "may" is better than "will":

```suggestion
Enabling this means hand tracking may use the controller itself, and infer where
```
